Extended the section about extending builds (#9012)
dotnet/msbuild: documentation/wiki/MSBuild-Tips-&-Tricks.md

</Project>
```

and place it in one of the locations described below, then build any project. It will have `MyCustomProperty` set to `Value!`.

## User-wide level (`MSBuildUserExtensionsPath`)

> In one of the following locations (`LOCALAPPDATA` being something like `C:\Users\username\AppData\Local`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In one of the following locations (`%LOCALAPPDATA%` evaluating to something like `C:\Users\username\AppData\Local`):
```

* `%LOCALAPPDATA%\Microsoft\MSBuild\Current\Imports\Microsoft.Common.props\ImportBefore`
  * aka: `$(MSBuildUserExtensionsPath)\$(MSBuildToolsVersion)\Imports\Microsoft.Common.props\ImportBefore`
* `%LOCALAPPDATA%\Microsoft\MSBuild\Current\Imports\Microsoft.Common.props\ImportAfter`
  * aka: `$(MSBuildUserExtensionsPath)\$(MSBuildToolsVersion)\Imports\Microsoft.Common.props\ImportAfter`
* `%LOCALAPPDATA%\Microsoft\MSBuild\Current\Microsoft.Common.targets\ImportBefore`
  * aka: `$(MSBuildUserExtensionsPath)\$(MSBuildToolsVersion)\Microsoft.Common.targets\ImportBefore`
* `%LOCALAPPDATA%\Microsoft\MSBuild\Current\Microsoft.Common.targets\ImportAfter`
  * aka: `$(MSBuildUserExtensionsPath)\$(MSBuildToolsVersion)\Microsoft.Common.targets\ImportAfter`

> **NB:** the above locations are in the order in which they are imported by `Microsoft.Common.props` and `Microsoft.Common.targets` respectively. Setting your properties later, overwrites previous values. And mind the additional directory level `Imports\` for the files imported by `Microsoft.Common.props`.

Reviewer: `NB` might not be clear - please use some fully worded alternative - `Note`, `Important` or so
(same on line 115)

**Also note:** [`$(MSBuildUserExtensionsPath)`](https://learn.microsoft.com/visualstudio/msbuild/customize-your-local-build#msbuildextensionspath-and-msbuilduserextensionspath) is equal to `%LOCALAPPDATA%\Microsoft\MSBuild`.

## MSBuild-wide level (`MSBuildExtensionsPath`)

> There is another MSBuild-wide location imported by `Microsoft.Common.props` from underneath `$(MSBuildToolsRoot)`, the installation directory of MSBuild, -- which, when using it from modern Visual Studio versions, would often equal `$(VsInstallRoot)\MSBuild`. It goes by the name [`MSBuildExtensionsPath`](https://learn.microsoft.com/visualstudio/msbuild/customize-your-local-build#msbuildextensionspath-and-msbuilduserextensionspath).

Reviewer: `--` -> `-` (double hypen)
Same on line 123

Author: 🤔 typographically and otherwise it's the correct form, however ... but I don't care enough to insist either way

Reviewer: I wouldn't argue either :-) It just seemed unusual - but I'm non-native speaker, so my feels of unusual might be ... unusual.

I should have probably suggested em dash (`—`) instead of single hypen though.
